the evidence out there is overwhelming
45,000 people have been killed
starvation has been used as a tool of
War it would be good for the Israeli
authorities to hand over netan and
Galant that's unlikely to happen Israel
has killed 250 Palestinians per day from
the beginning 70% of those killed have
been women and children it's about time
to draw a red line she manifests and
personifies everything that's wrong with
the United Nations she said so many
things that were well we're now debating
what she said with respect if you just
actually answer my question we've just
eaten up four minutes talking about
whether you're going to have enough time
to be honest with you listening to Alan
it's like the ravings of a Madman we're
14 months into a genocide which is the
most documented genocide in history you
only can speak over people because your
arguments have no validity shame on you
shame on you shame on you I have family
who died in the Holocaust I find it
disgusting that people like you
weaponized anti-Semitism and weaponized
Jewish suffering if you weren't so rude
maybe we could get
there a few months before the Hamas War
Began I interviewed the Israeli Prime
Minister on an official visit to London
before his audience with me Benjamin
Netanyahu met the British prime minister
at number 10 Downing Street and held
talks with the Home Secretary on Iran's
nuclear threat if Netanyahu made that
same Journey tomorrow morning he would
likely be arrested staggering but true
the international criminal court has
issued arrest warrants for netan himself
the sack defense minister y Galant and
the Hamas Commander Muhammad
who may well be dead all three men it
says could bear criminal responsibility
for war crimes Netanyahu is furious
Israel will not recognize the validity
of this decision the decision to issue
an arrest warrant against me the
democratically elected prime minister of
the state of Israel and our Former
Defense Minister was made by a rogue
prosecutor who's trying to extricate
himself from sexual harassment charges
and by biased judges who are motivated
by anti-semitic sentiments against the
one and only Jewish State the truth is
simple no war is more just than the war
that Israel has been waging in Gaza
after Hamas attacked us unprovoked well
the icc's warrant is close to
unprecedented Netanyahu joins the now
deposed president of Sudan and Vladimir
Putin on a very short list of sitting
world leaders to face these measures US
President Joe Biden called it outrageous
and said there is no equivalence between
Israel and Hamas Israel supporters are
in ra but what they see as a political
attempt to intervene in an ongoing
conflict on the other hand what if the
court is right the ICC says it has
reasonable grounds to believe that
Netanyahu and Gallant use starvation as
a method of Warfare by choking off Aid
and targeting civilians in Gaza if a
world leader is guilty of that Ally or
not shouldn't we use the full weight of
international law to make it stop well
join me now in the studio as United
Nations special rapor on the occupied
Palestinian territories Franchesca
albanesi welcome to you thank you very
much for coming in today first of all
your reaction to the
icc's statement that they now believe
that Netanyahu and Gallant are
potentially guilty of war crimes uh
first of all thank you for having me
Pierce and I me I'm appreciate it
especially at such a delicate uh moment
uh how do I see these uh ICC arrest
warrant against netan Galant and Dave as
necessary as timely as long due because
again um I might criticize the delay the
court took in uh fully getting into the
investigation of the situation in the
occupied Palestinian territory which has
been pending since 2014 and I might also
criticize the fact that there is no
investigation over the colonies which
are War crime and there are 300 colonies
in the West Bank but even if we look at
the narrow scope that investigation take
the evidence out there is is over
whelming the facts that 4 uh sorry
45,000 people have been killed
starvation has been used as a as a tool
of of war and it cannot be justified by
any possible circumstance but however um
Nano and galand have been um have been
uh have received arrest warrants for for
both war crimes and crimes against
humanity meaning that the court has
identified the the attacks against the
civilian population as systemic and
widespread so it's not just violations
of the rule of of War it's attacks
against the civilian population as such
but given the United States and Israel
do not recognize the international
criminal court how meaningful is this
it's very meaningful because the first
of all um there is a an obligation to
prevent war crimes crimes against
humanity and uh and a crime as serious
as genocide but also the there are State
parties to the Rome statute most uh I
mean all Western countries except I mean
the United States and uh and the rest of
the global South so this is going to be
binding on so many states and which
means that first of all the obligations
is on Israeli authorities even if they
are not parties to the Rome state it
would be good for the Israeli
authorities to hand over netan and
Galant to the Isis that's unlikely to
happen if they travel to any country
which is a state party to their own
statute they will have to be arrested
yes but your your suggestion that maybe
Israel itself might turn them over
that's not going to happen is
it look if they had nothing nothing to
uh to fear they would stand Justice they
would just defend themselves in front of
the international Court Criminal Court
which is the highest judicial organ when
it it comes to International crimes what
they have to fear if they did nothing
wrong well the the court will assess
them you said that the UN should
consider suspending Israel as a member
State during its continuing as you put
it genocide against the Palestinians
saying that no other country has defied
so many un resolutions for so long what
is the the mood at the UN is there any
likelihood that that could happen well
the likelihood depends on a number of
factors including the political will
because international law is as strong
and as effective as the political will
of members states to enforce it but
again is the question is while no member
state is completely I mean in full
compliance with international law no
other state as Israel has violated
international law and violated the
inviability of the UN as Israel which
has accused uh every organ and entity of
the United na Nations like the Secretary
General the ICC the general assembly the
Human Rights Council members of the
security Council uh un organizations of
being anti-semitic to support terrorism
and and other insults and it also I mean
it do Israel this year alone has killed
240 un staff members it has fired uh un
peacekeepers it has destroyed 70% of un
premises including clinics including
schools in Gaza alone this is
unprecedented and it shouldn't be
condoned because it might be seen as a
president for other catastrophic
situations so this is why why it's about
time to draw a red line you on December
the 28th 2023 tweeted what Israel is
doing to the Palestinians especially in
Gaza is quote the monstrosity of our
Century but two months before that
October the 7th on the day of the terror
attack by Hamas you tweeted today's
violence must be put in context almost
six Decades of hostile military rule
over an entire civilian population
incomprehensibly ignored by too many
official statements and media Outlets
are in themselves aggression and the
recipe for more insecurity for all
people took that to be almost a
justification for what Hamas did that
day yeah they were wrong they were wrong
and they were they were very simplistic
because there is nothing about
justifying crimes I've said it and I've
been adamant civilians must be protected
under all circumstances doesn't matter
their nationality or their ethnicity
would have done before if they've been
soldiers or combatants civilians must be
protected from attacks injury killing
taking hostages kidnapping so I've
condemned Hamas attacks to the extent
was it a terrorist attack uh I mean
spreading terror is a method in
situation of armed conflict so I mean we
could qualify it as terrorism the the
discomfort I have in using the terrorism
framework is that it doesn't exist in
international law there is no definition
of what constitutes terrorism under
international law that is agreed among
member states so this is why I am
uncomfortable um other than that yes
let's call it terrorism but the fact
that we qualify this as terrorism
doesn't justify what Israel has done as
o October the 9th you see what I mean so
well well okay on that point so this is
where I would question you you say
October the 9th so you think it was
wrong that two days after this Israel
launched an attack back at the people
who perpetrated an appalling terrorist
attack which killed 1,200 people it
wounded nearly 7,000 more one of the
worst Terror attacks of modern times
what else was Israel supposed to do on
October the 9th sit sit there and wait
for another
attack okay can I unpack it but you let
me you give me a couple of minutes to
because it's quite a sensitive point but
I I appreciate the question so Israel
the day Israel was attacked it had all
rights to defend itself to protect its
citizens in Terror it Terror territory
and therefore to repel the attack with
all necessary and proportion
proportional measures which means uh
using Force inclusing including lethal
Force arresting detaining all persons
involved and found on its territory
which happened between the 7th 8th and
the 9th of October um some including
Israeli sources accused Israel of having
used excessive use of force but this is
beyond the point the point is that
Israel didn't have the right to wage a
war against the Palestinians in Gaza it
didn't pierce it didn't well hang on
again again question that Israel
absolutely had a right to go after the
terrorists who committed this surely I
mean if you have a 3,000 terrorist
pouring over your border murdering in a
most brutal manner women children
innocent civilians all the things you've
said that they've been doing to
Palestinians and will come to that but
I'm just interested about your mindset
in the aftermath of October the 7th
absolutely Israel had a right to go
after her mat
surely careful doesn't stop at the
borders doesn't it Pierce I would be
very careful because mutes mutandis this
eye for an ey logic would justify what
has happened on October 7 and I totally
refuse to go there because if we take
your argument that the violence suffered
by the Israelis on October 7 justifies
what has been happening as October 9
this might lead to justify what has what
did they do hang on what did they what
they what did they do on October the 9th
you think self defense and and and
please bear with me because self-defense
has a meaning in international law and
it's a term of art that doesn't
correspond to the common parament
self-defense is not the right to protect
itself which Israel has within its own
borders so if you ask me the question
what would Israel what have what would
have Israel done to be in line with
international law Israel had to do what
I said in line I mean so repelling the
attack and trying to get the hostages
back waging a war was not either proport
was neither proportionate get them
uh
negotiating with with Hamas excuse me
what has been doing what Israel has been
doing is to trying to get the hostages
back both through negotiation and
killing
civilians okay but how how let me turn
the question back if you if you didn't
ask 45,000 people killed later 155
people either killed maimed the entire
or two million people starving and
traumatized how has this liberated the
hostages do we realize how
they that's a different point and I
don't disagree with you and I also think
the proportionate response of Israel has
gone Way Beyond what I think is
acceptable just to be clear but we're
going to come to that because that's now
that's many months later over a year
later I'm just curious about your
mindset about what Israel what you think
they had a right to do because the
international criminal court hasn't come
after Netanyahu and Galant for attacking
Hamas in Gaza they've gone after them
but they haven't said that that was
wrong they haven't said that actually
attacking Hamas in Gaza was a crime they
said that the crime is starvation and
other issues surrounding this in other
words what Israel would call the
Collateral Damage I don't agree it's
Collateral Damage I think it's moved
into something far worse but just just
to be clear if the IC thought they
didn't have a right to do it why have
they not charged them with that crime as
as you see it and this goes back to the
to the question I raised at the very
beginning why I'm when you ask me what
was my reaction to these arrest warrants
I've uh I've criticized since the
beginning the narrow Focus that the
prosecutor chose the court has simply
responded on the basis of the arrest
warrants demanded by the prosecutor so
the prosecutor for example chose the
extermination only in connection with
with starvation and I don't think I
don't agree with you with the fact that
the the
IC has only chose
to focus on given war crimes like
starvation and also there is the crime
against humanity of murder and the
crimes against humanity of persecution
yes but what they haven't done they have
just a second just a second they just a
second let me say this let me say this
please please they the court has also
said and this is incredible has said
that Israel is creating the conditions
of life that might lead to uh the
concept of destruction of the people
which is calculated to bring about
destruction of the people this is the
language that already resonates with
genocide I hear and I I they're very
serious allegations I completely agree
with you um and there's a lot to be said
for them we're going to debate that
later but I I come back to the point
that on October the 9th I believe
absolutely Israel had the right to go
after Hamas past their own border
because Hamas had gone back into Gaza
the people who perpetrated the terror
attack thousands of them came in did it
and then went back including 250
hostages absolutely Israel had the right
to do that and the ICC hasn't said they
didn't have the right to do that so it's
interesting to me that you you know
you're on the UN doesn't judge this but
you seem to think I mean look I'm not I
wouldn't cause you a being accuse you
being naive however the idea that they
could have brought Hamas to the
negotiating table over the hostages
without going after them in a very
aggressive manner in the way that they
did in the first few months the IDE that
Hamas would just be having cozy meetings
in Qatar and would just say here you go
that's for the
birds let's move forward because we are
stck now 14 months later let me tell you
first of all let's start let's go back
to the 9th of October what has happened
between the in the first weeks after the
9th of October Israel has killed 250
Palestinians per day from the beginning
70% of those killed have been women and
children Israel has used in few week
um artillery and and weapons amounting
to two nuclear bombs in an area of 350
or 360 squar kilometers hosting 2.3
million people half of whom are children
under 18 so 250 people a day let's
assume let's look I even want to to give
you the chance to argue that Israel had
the right to an important point then it
has violated the rules of of War because
it has caused disproportionate
unnecessary and and deliberate damage to
the civilian population to the point
that's a different argument franches
it's a different argument I no it's not
diff it's not different it's an
additional argument because again no
your argument is they only view the
international court of justice has said
in 2004 and in 20 in 2004 and in 2024
that Israel didn't have the right to
defend itself this is not a right that
can be invoked under article 51 so you
and I are no one in the face of the icj
saying that full stop okay here's what I
would say to you is that I have a lot of
uh sympathy and indeed agreement in in
large parts of what you're saying about
what's happened since I think it's been
a disproportionate response too many
civilians have been killed too many
children have been killed too many
people have been displaced with their
homes destroyed and now all the rhetoric
coming out of this Israeli government is
bordering on genocidal rhetoric from
some of them there's no question and
it's quite clear that some of them would
be quite happy if all Palestinians left
Gaza permanently and I'm very concerned
about that and I think Palestinians have
a right to be concerned about that but
the the point of argument is simply what
they had a right to do to start with and
where I take issue with you is this
thing about October the 9th when they
decided to go past their own border to
exact you know Vengeance and to go after
the people who perpetrated this and stop
them doing it again I think they had a
right to do that the question is how you
do it I have another I have another
issue because I have another uh argument
that I didn't have the chance to make
because you asked me what did I have the
right to do in line with international
law Israel had to do what they have not
done in 57 years and what the court
International court of justice has
remind that all member states as of July
this year Israel needs to withdraw the
occupation in whole or in part because
the occupation has caused the SE the the
conditions for violence to faster in the
occupied Palestinian territory and the
court has been very specific as said
that Israel needs to withdraw the troops
dismantle the settlements which are war
crimes and including the the uh the
control over the resources the natural
resources Israel has continued to expand
in the occupied territory and it
continues to do that even now as it
commits a genocide I do think the
expansion of settlements on the West
Bank I do think is probably a war it's a
key but this is key it's key to
understand because Israel the whole
purpose of advancing the occupation is
to continue to take Palestinian land so
my question to you is what the
Palestinian have to do because they have
tried armed resistance they have
renounced armor resistance they have
done to the inter they have gone to the
international court of justice to the IC
theyve tried the play the advocacy with
all member states and member states have
continued to kick the con in the air
because during the peace process peers
Israel has tripled the number of
colonies for a triple number of settlers
so again it has been such a such a a
farce such a panamine let me ask you
about something else October the 11th
last year you said on X hamas's crimes
including rape have not been confirmed
and you said the divulging information
about the perpetration of rape by Hamas
risks to escalate tensions and endanger
lives in a volatile context now a report
from the UN
in March of this year said there are
reasonable grounds to believe the
conflict related sexual violence clearly
rape and gang rape occurred across
multiple locations of Israel and the
Gaza periphery during the attacks on 7th
of October do you now accept that they
happened I prefer to rely on the report
by the to on the two reports issued this
year by the commission of inquiry
because unlike the Patel's report the
secret the sorry the special
representative of the Secretary General
when to Israel didn't interview any
victims made very controversial
statements I respect her but at the same
time I respect the findings of a fact
finding body whose job is to collect
evidence and the and the while I do not
have any element because I have not
investigated allegations of rape I have
no elements to say rape didn't occur so
if rape occurred it should have been
investigated prosecuted and the
responsible people should it did it did
happen now the point is no said no the
UN no no the the UN is a is there are
political appointees and then human
rights appointees and uh and the
commission of inquiry concluded that
there was no in June that there was no
evidence to support the claims of gang
rape but let's assume I I don't want to
say anything that I've not investigated
so let's assume that rape occurred so
does it justify what Israel has done the
the reason why curious why I'm curious
why as a as a woman who works at the
United Nations why you would even want
to have a spectre of doubt about it I've
read so many because of the beheaded
babies because of the claim of beheaded
babies how many journalists sorry P
including yourself have Amplified this
news of the and use this argument of the
beheaded babies what do you think I said
uh well you have you have referred you
have you have asked the people do you
condemn Hamas and you have mentioned
beheaded babies what do you think I said
what do you mean what I think you said
quote back to me what you think I said
about babies beheaded babies yeah did
you say that or not all I've seen ever
since I'm about to answer you all I've
seen ever since is that I apparently
said that up to 40 babies have been
beheaded I never said that it's
completely untrue you said no no no I
look you have said you have referred to
I don't know if 40 you have referred to
the beheaded babies or to the babies
being killed people being beheaded which
they were because you know how we know
that Hamas broadcast it on their GoPro
cameras how does look I'm not going to
justify or to condone any crimes that
were committed on October 7 my question
is what does it what purpose does it
serve because the only the only uh
animus I had when I tweeted what you
read what you just read is let's try to
uh to diffuse the ition because this
language this this evocation of the
barbarism of the Palestinians
represented and represented exential
threat what about the rape that is
documented against hundreds of
Palestinians in Israeli jail can we talk
about that here's the thing I I because
we have evidence of this fine I here's
what I say to you I actually resent
anybody who tries to downplay or
mitigate the barbarism of what Hamas did
that day because it was utterly barbaric
it was Med evil in its barbarism and the
reason we know that Beyond any doubt is
they were proudly broadcasting it to the
world I don't know if you've seen the
film made I have it's disgusted it's
utterly horrific the thing is that I
find utter Pierce I find utterly
horrific any crime against any civilian
body or Collective I do not distinguish
people because of the the color of the
skin because of their ethnicity
religious this doesn't matter to me for
me CI life of civilians is sacred and
this is why I'm so horrified by years
and years I've spent documenting and
Reporting on the violations of
Palestinians and I'm someone who has
produced scholarship on Palestinian
Force displacement so 76 years and even
more since the Brit since British
colonialism in Palestine for 100 years
these people have been tormented so
nothing no one right two wrongs don't
make a right this is the only thing can
say you were accused by H nuer who was
the ex- director of un watch who uh H
Hillel nura who was the executive
director of un watch sorry not X but
executive director of un watch do you
know H nura I know you and what I think
I think I know yeah called you whoever
it was who's the executive director
called you out on X for what they said
were anti-semitic remarks uh said that
well directly accused you of being
anti-Semitic
what you've heard that before what do
you say to people who think you're
anti-semitic
H well I think that the point is that U
there are two different things one of
the issues that is often used to to uh
argue de is that 10 years ago I used the
term Jewish Lobby now well let me read
exactly what you said just to remind
people who haven't said said America and
Europe one of them America subjugated by
the Jewish Lobby and the other by the
sense of guilt about the Holocaust
course remain on the sidelines
previously you dismissed Israel's
security concerns as paranoia you talked
of Israel greed compared Israel's
actions to that of the Nazis and it says
legitimize terrorist actions by Hamas
well you've made it clear that you
condemn those but on on the language
that you were using about Jewish Lobby
and comparing Israel's actions to that
the Nazis you understand quoting you
quoting you are not quoting me Jewish
Lobby is something I've said and I will
explain then you are quoting someone
else and I'm responsible for what I say
not what other people whomever they are
do with the you've never compared
Israel's actions to the Nazis I've never
done this comparison absolutely not it's
it's it's a bit of an unsophisticated
reductionism but let me go to Jewish
Lobby because this is the the thing is
that it's often used in Israeli media
and in Israel and I've lived for three
years in Palestine so we just moved to
the US so what I had in mind is in fact
pro-israel groups having a strong
influence on on and again I mean APAC
brags about the influence they have on
in in the American American political
landscape and I was absolutely wrong in
use the term in using the term Jewish
lobby but when I learned about that and
understand now understand how people
especially Jewish people feel offended
by that I realized it I I uh distan
myself from those infelicitous words and
have not used it anymore so actually
this was an opportunity for me to educ
edate myself to understand better the
kind of language that should be used and
I moved on by the way it happened 10
years ago not during my mandate as a
special understand that what do you feel
about President Trump getting reelected
in America because many people think
that's going to be bad for Palestinians
that he's going to side with Netanyahu
let him do what he
wants look what is not bad coming from
the American political establishment
from Palestine we just come out of 14
months of Democratic Leadership
literally providing more as I mean never
never before there has been such a
military economic Financial political
support for Israel as of the past 14
months and this is the Democratic party
and it is as bad as it can as it has
ever been for the Palestinians so I like
many others I brace for more but I also
hope and I see that there is this
Brewing movement conscientization that
starts including among um Young young
Jewish people which is critical uh to to
question the support to Israel again I
understand as a European peers I
understand why Jewish people has this
deep attachment to the state of Israel
and this shouldn't be questioned what a
question is third state responsibility
so how member states act Vis A a state
that has commit that is committing
genocide that it maintains for it has
maintained for 57 years an unlawful
occupation and it commits aparti once we
resolve this issue I have no question
whatsoever with the state of Israel and
I do think that now we are at the
turning point in history where there is
the opportunity to step away from this
precipice and do the right thing but it
might not come from the American
leadership Fresca alanazi it's great to
meet you thank you very much I
appreciate you coming all the way in
sitting here and uh look I think we want
the same thing we want this to be
resolved and for the war to be over
don't we we agree thank you very much
thank you very nice to see you uh well
the White House is should brief but
definitive response to the international
Criminal Court's warrants for Benjamin
Netanyahu and Y Gallant saying it
fundamentally rejects the decision and
that there is no equivalence between
Israel and Hamas here is White House
Press Secretary Karine jpierre we
fundamentally reject uh the Court's
decision to issue arrest warrants for
senior uh Israel officials uh we remain
deeply concerned by the prosecutor's
rush to seek arrest warrants and the
troubling process eras that led to this
decision the United States has been
clear that the ICC does not have
jurisdiction over this matter you've
heard us say this before uh whatever
this prosecutor might imply there is no
evidence none uh between Israel and
Hamas there's just
none we debate all this I'm joined by
the journalist and author of The raket
Matt henard former IDF spokesperson
Jonathan krickus us defense lawyer Alan
dtz and the host of the KT Halper show
and a Jee for a seat fire now Katie
Halper welcome to all of you um let me
start with you if I may Alan d just from
a legal point of view a lot of people
are making very you know bold and
definitive statements about what this
ICC ruling means but given that the
United States and Israel do not
recognize the court does it actually
have any meaningful impact other than if
Netanyahu and Galan go to one of the
countries that does recognize it they
may get
arrested well first of all I want to
thank you for having that repor on she
manifests and pers personifies
everything that's wrong with the United
Nations She is totally biased she can't
see anything except through the prism of
her anti-israel bias but you had her on
for half an hour and so I challenge you
to put her on and me on at the same time
let us have a debate she said so many
things that were well we're now debating
what she said so that's that's what
you're here for we're debating what she
said precisely for that reason yeah yeah
yeah and and I want to make a point I
recently published a pamphlet a million
copies going to college students all
over the world in which I refute each of
the things she said it's called the 10
big anti-israel Li and how to refute
them so I think that pierce you have an
obligation to your viewers to allow me
or others to come on and have an
equivalent amount of time to refute
everything she said now let me go to
your with respect Alan you are on
precisely for that reason and we have a
lot ofly but I
don't okay I hope we have a lot of time
because I I have to answer all of the
things she said well if look I love you
I love you Alam but if you just if you
just actually if you just actually
answer my question we've just eaten up
four minutes talking about whether or
you're going to have enough
time I want to please thank you I that's
a good point uh I want to get to the
point uh obviously the decision of the
international criminal court does more
damage to the court than it does to
Israel but it does an enormous amount of
damage to Israel it means that nanyu
can't go to Canada he can't go to many
countries in the world to make the case
uh for Israel and to be able to present
uh two-sided issues there are now issues
about sanctioning Israel remember too
that the international criminal court
prosecutor I know I dealt with him about
this he was supposed to go to Israel to
look at both sides of the issue and then
when he was accused of sexual harassment
he canceled that visit to Israel because
he wanted to issue the uh arrest
warrants very very quickly look no what
what this reporter said would mean that
the United States presidents would be
arrested as well because everything she
said Israel has done in terms of
responding to the kind of October 7th
attack the United States that after 911
She would argue that after 911 the
United States had no right to go after
the Taliban no right to go into
Afghanistan no right to go into Iraq so
the implications of what she says for
the United States are very grave which
is why President Biden and why virtually
all Americans agree that the
international criminal court should not
be allowed to do these kinds of arrest
warrants I've now put together a group
of American lawyers headed by two former
Attorneys General solicitor general
major major academics who will stand
shoulder-to-shoulder with Israel against
this uh unlawful attack on Israel
remember two that the international
criminal court has its part of its
jurisdictional mandate complimentarity
which means that if you go after people
from a
country that has a legitimate legal
system and remember Israel has a system
that is so good that it put its former
prime minister ahot om in prison to be
guarded by an Arab guard it put its
former president in prison and he was
imprisoned and sentenced by an Arab
judge there's no country in the Middle
East that has a more effective judicial
system and under the charter of Rome
which enables this they have no
jurisdiction okay but look you're you're
a lawyer right you've been very
high-profile lawyer in America for a
very long time what if you're wrong you
know one of my big problems with Israel
and the IDF is they haven't let
journalists go in and verify anything
that they're doing right it's still
almost impossible for journalist to get
on the ground over in Gaza right so we
have no real Independent Idea of what
they've been up to what if you're just
wrong Alan what if actually war crimes
have been committed on quite a wholesale
basis you seem to be absolutely certain
certain that there's no war crime that's
been committed but how can you be
certain no one's been allowed to go in
there and see you can be
certain you can be certain by just
looking at the statistics that are
issued by Hamas themselves if you take
every single statistic issued Israel has
the lowest ratio of civili I to
combatant Deaths of any country any
country in Modern Warfare the United
States Great Britain NATO that's
statistic alone maybe one or two% of the
entire civilian population of Gaza by
the way they count as civillians
18-year-old soldiers who they call
children or women who are carrying bombs
who they call women if you take just
those statistics you will see that
Israel has done better than any country
faced with comparable threat
and
yet I'm going Tove I'm going they should
allow they should allow journalists in
wait a minut agree on you and I you and
I yeah you and I go to Israel together
and let's look at what happened I agree
with you there should be more visibility
and more transparency and I welcome a
visit with you I offered that to the
head of the uh prosecutor staff and they
turned it down they refused to go to
Israel ref to go to Gaza okay no on that
we agree I I think it's outrageous that
the media have been banned from going in
and of course when you don't let people
in it makes it look like you got
something to hide uh Matt Ken let me
come to you um look that's the case for
Israel um Alan makes no you know
pretense that he's obviously completely
on that side of of the fence on this uh
debate where do you sit with this well I
mean to be honest with you listening to
Alan it's like the ravings of a Madman
we're 14 months into a genocide which
has been documented the most documented
genocide in history you have the
ICC asking for more than Nazi Germany
wait a minute more than Nazi Germany the
most documented genocide in
history people can see it I didn't say
the amount of people am do on television
if you you think this is a greater
genocide documented genocide than the
Nazi Holocaust wasn't documented as it
was happening in the same way it wasn't
documented in the same way while it was
happening
nobody why speak you can only you only
can speak over people because your
arguments have no validity there is W
genocide and the na genocide shame on
you shame on you shame on you for
Defending Your genocide and using the
memory of the people who died in a
holocaust to justify that genocide it's
disgusting and I had family who died in
a holocaust I find it disgusting that
people like you weaponized anti-Semitism
and weaponized Jewish suffering to
justify another genocide which is
happening now let me answer the question
if you weren't so rude maybe we could
get somewhere but I think partly the
reason you argue like this is cuz you
know you have no valid points let me go
back to the uh the uh the issue at hand
the genocide is the most documented
genocide in history we've been watching
on our phones for 14 months just be
quiet for a minute do you know how to do
that I I didn't interrupt you behave
behave like a normal person
behave let at least explain the point
he's making do that sorry Alan he's
talking about the use of mobile clearly
they didn't exist in World War II so let
him make his point in totality then we
can query do the Nazis themselves didn't
finish his point okay so the Lan an
independent medical journal recently
published a piece that claimed that
186,000 people have been killed in
Gaza a lot 70% of those women and
children you're talking about a genocide
and to be honest with you we have the
evidences in yoab Galant one of the
ministers well the defense minister
that's now sa that is one of the uh
recipients of an westaurant from the ICC
he went on TV early in the genocide and
he said we are dealing with human
animals and we will withdraw all water
food and electricity from 2.3 million
people half of them children let me
finish that is genocidal rhetoric and
They carried it out they've been
launching an extermination campaign in
Northern Gaza in jabalia Camp wiping out
whole scores of people there's been
massacr every day 100 people often die
every single day it's clear to the whole
world you are in the minor and the wars
are closing in the wars are closing in
125 countries if Netanyahu and Y Galant
who are wanted war criminals step in
they will be arrested and thankfully the
ICC saved the reputation of
international law because one of the
disgraceful things about the ICC arrest
warrants is it took so long the whole
world has been watching this we all know
what's going on you are the minority the
whole world is appalled by what we are
supporting can I make one more point
Sorry quickly one thing you said was
correct one thing you said was correct
this is not just is war criminals we're
talking about we're talking about war
criminals in London and Washington too
I'm in London now I want to talk about
the partic participation not complicity
participation of my own government and
do you agree and do you agree that
Palestinians have committed war crimes
too in yes you do yes but the point
about the ICC arrest warrants which is
why Alan dich is having it fit is
because the ICC has always been used
against official enemies it's been a
tool of imperialism and for the first
time we are seeing Justice done for
Western war criminals and their allies
can I just make one more point you Piers
Morgan were very very good in 2003 you
made the Daily Mirror into something we
could be proud of in in in the British
Society because of your opposition to
the war in Iraq that bush and Blair
should also have been in had arrest
warrants for that illegal Invasion which
killed up to a million people and
destroyed a whole country so we are in a
new in new territory in this well we are
look the difference I would make people
have asked me about that before I did
lead the media campaign in this country
against the Iraq War but the because the
Iraq War was enacted as a revenge for
something that Iraq had nothing to do
with and I just thought that was
completely outrageous and should never
have happened which is now really what
the perceived wisdom about that war is
um so they're two different different
that this is a war against the United
States hang on Alan let me bringing
Jonathan he's been waiting patiently
Jonathan you're a former IDF spokes
person I've had you on the show many
times J if I call you spokesman by the
way because I can't stand all these
people person crap so I'm going to call
you spokesman that's right you identify
as a man do you I mean I just I have to
check that um I think you look like a
man to me Jonathan in this day and age
we do have to check but yes I'm
comfortable
being man and he yes okay good um indeed
look whatever you think of this decision
by the ICC it is as Matt just said it's
a highly significant moment that they
have chosen to do this do you accept
that yeah I think it is and I think it's
sad and I think that you know Terror
supporters and Israel haters all over
the world they're having their moment of
joy and enjoying the Sun and enjoying
seeing Israel's suffering they're
enjoying to seeing this tremendous
travesty this Injustice this perversion
of the international judicial system by
the hands of a very suspicious and I
would say controversial prosecutor um
who I don't know what his motives are
but I don't think that their his motives
are correct and clean motives and I
think that the process has been a
totally flawed one I think that all of
the allegations are based on false and
partial information and I think that
there is substantial proof credible
proof even verified by non-israeli
sources that totally contradict all of
the allegations that's the problem again
Jan just hang on the problem is say you
say that we come back come to the media
being banned from going in there if you
don't let the media in then I'm afraid
as a journalist I'm like what are they
hiding
yeah yeah yeah I I I you know and we've
had this conversation in the past pi and
I said that the same thing that I'm
going to say to you now that I think
that you have a point and I've
recommended for the IDF to and the
Israeli government to allow more media
in but there's a reason they're not
doing it without that agree well I'm
sure that there are reasons
a that it's Messy B that it's a quite a
logistical
responsibility sorry but that doesn't
apply to other that didn't apply in Iraq
it didn't apply in Afghanistan it hasn't
applied in any modern war zone that I
can think of the IDF has completely
controlled whole war in Gaza and by not
letting the media in I'm afraid the the
longer it goes on where the IDF don't
let Media in from around the world to
actually verify what they claim is
happening there then the more that
people are going to think there is no
smoke without fire and when you get the
IC now launching these charges they're
going to put those two things together
and Israel is going to be suffering as
it is and so my question again as
someone who you know represented the IDF
is it is an act of self harm unless they
are literally covering up war crimes can
I just add one thing quickly they killed
188 palan journalist a lot that is part
of the same that's part of the same
reason they're covering up the genocide
why they let that's why they I'll bring
you back
in and if if you if you was are
wondering where kti's gone we lost the
connection we're going to get her back
so it is two two people from both sides
we're not trying to overload against
Matt here but Matt until Katie's back
I'll come back to you after John you
just ask him to defend how 180 it's
certainly true it's certainly true and
interrup it's relevant yeah but Jonathan
it's it's relevant to the media debate
part of this that you know nearly 200
answer the question hang on I will I
will but on
I'm just saying on the media Point
nearly 200 Palestinian journalists have
been killed targeted and killed oh let's
speak about so-called Palestinian
journalists let's speak about the
outrage of international journalists and
international media when it comes to so
so-called Palestinian journalists let's
speak about the uh cooperation the
intense and systemic cooperation between
so-called Palestinian photo and
otherwise journalist and Hamas let's
speak about the ties between them let's
speak about how they have been working
for Hamas providing them with either
information or being on their payroll or
being silenced by them or being told by
Hamas what to say and what to do for
years I know this for a fact because
I've seen it happen in real time where
International stringers or Palestinians
that have been working for international
media organizations in Gaza instead of
doing their job of reporting about the
horrible war crimes that Hamas has been
perpetrating of hiding behind civilians
of using civilians as human Shields or
firing Rockets from within densely
populated civilian areas or digging
tunnels underneath houses or using
mosques or un facilities all of this by
the way documented and clear but it
hasn't been reported because Palestinian
media hasn't been allow hang on Jonathan
Hamas hasing hang on it also hasn't been
reported because the IDF won't let
International media in so I'm afraid
it's not as simple as saying
Palestinians W report correct I can go
tomorrow correct can I go in tomorrow no
no I
can't first of all yes I would
personally take you in pi even though
I'm no longer in the unit I would make
sure that you would be able to go in and
tour as much as you want you'll let me
go anywhere I
want I would I would put whatever
ability I have and whatever influence I
have remaining in the idea on making
sure that you would get wherever you
wanted
to you wanted to but how many
International journalists and I know
many of them how many of them are
currently in
Gaza who want to be I don't know how
many are in Gaza but I'll tell you not
enough tell I can tell you I I tell you
none of them are well have you read a
report live from Western journalist in
Gaza no they're not allowed
in you can many have many have done
stories many have done stories from
inside Gaza many have reported many have
been only
people literally with the IDF at all
times in other words a
completely can I just come back on you
support do you support then the targeted
assassination of 188 Palestinian
journalists do you support that because
it sounds like he just he just he but to
be clear we don't know they were
deliberately there is there is clear
there is clear
the other day the ID put up a wanted
poster for journalists in Northern Gaza
saying they were all affiliated with
Hamas basically echoing the same
rhetoric which is genocidal rhetoric and
and and and and rhetoric which gets
journalists killed and you've basic so I
wanted to ask you do you support I'll
ask question question Do I will come
back to that we've been rejoined by
Katie we Kate I'm sorry we lost you
there uh we had a technical uh failure
you're back I'm pleased to see um Kenny
what what do you want to say about this
we are where are we a year and a month
into this war Um passion I think I think
that the claim that any criticism any
and all criticism of Israel is
anti-Semitic is a total obvious
weaponization of anti-Semitism it's
pathetic it's dangerous it like me
excuse me Alan you always interrupt
people because you're a bully please be
quiet and what I want to ask you what I
want to ask you Alan is Theodore Maron
an anti-semite the Holocaust Survivor
who was on the committee advising the
arrest warrants is he an anite who used
to be an ambassador for Israel okay so
so he's I've never said that you're
making it up you're just
you're you can be wrong without you can
be wrong without being an anti-mite he's
wrong he's wrong and he's not an
anti-semite please use logic don't don't
just use this kind of nonsense sending
and you're so disingenuous and you
weaponize anti-Semitism all the time so
let me just finish I'm going to finish
okay so the other thing is that of
course you don't want to hear that
Israel is committing war crimes and you
bring up the fact that under the ICC
arrest warrants by that logic the us
could be tried for committing war crimes
well guess what they should be because
of course they committed war crimes of
course they committed war crimes in you
brought it up yourself an attack against
America as if that's disqualifying yeah
no it's not an attack against America
it's to make sure Western leaders are
held to the same standards that we hold
other leaders to and you hate that
because the whole legal International
legal system is based on the fact that
you can go abro and do what you want
people who are official enemies other
because nobody can hear reason please
don't talk over each other because if
you do sorry time out time out if
everybody talks over each other no one
can hear a word anyone is saying so
Casey finish your point then I'll go to
Alan thank you okay okay but also
Allan's numbers have as civilians uh and
I apologize if you already covered this
when I was disconnected but his numers
of about civilians are totally made up
there's no evidence of this 90% of the
victims of Israel's crimes against
humanity have been women and children
and Jonathan you are shaking your head
but you should be upet I would be upset
I would be upset if I were you because
you've been implicated in war crimes
yourself you lied about alifa Hospital
you claimed it was a hamat stronghold
you were debunked by the BBC Fox News
and the Washington Post all of which not
provide
claim it I stand by it and there's proof
of it and the difference between you and
I is that I I know you guys are bullied
for I'll let you respond after I need to
finish thank you very much okay so
you've been implicated in two war crimes
one is you defended y of Galant station
order on October 9th when you went on
the Twitter live and you defended it and
you called them beasts you called H
Palestinians beasts the other thing is
you lied about alifa hospital and what
happened then first of all you lied but
second of all I'm going to be charitable
and say you didn't lie let's say
everything you found even though we know
you edited the video and we know this
because the BBC Fox News and Washington
Post all said that but even if the
things that you had found had been there
it would have been a war crime why
because in order to justify the
exception to violating a hospital you
have to prove that it's an active
terrorist Center which you didn't prove
even with the fake evidence you provided
the other thing is you have to use
proportionality no matter what or else
it's a crime you absolutely did not use
proportionality when you killed hundreds
of thousands of people you executed them
you turned off
thousand you get
your don't talk over each other you're
talking about okay here's what I'll
do
fire please stop all talking over each
other did
Katy Jonathan I'll let Jonathan
respond I'll let Jonathan respond to the
allegations that were made against you
because that's fair
Jonathan yeah I mean it is just
Preposterous I don't know what you base
yourself on I don't know where you get
what you base your opinions on but I can
tell you unequivocally unequivocally
that you are so wrong you don't even
have a clue when you start by saying
genocide as if it's a popcorn as if it's
a snack and and as if it's happening on
the ground you can on the ground you can
say it a 100 times you can say it a
thousand times that doesn't make it into
reality there is a case at the world
Court the highest court in the world
they are being Israel is being
investigated at the highest court in the
world what they called app plausible
genocide so it's not popcorn no that's
disgusting to say that you have no
respect for international law there is a
can hear you guys okay but look it's
important you don't take your time to
speak let somebody finish then
nobody can hear it's offensive to the
people to the hundreds of thousands of
people that have been killed in Gaza to
call ter genocide popcorn there
is
highest time again listen honestly we
get nowhere when everyone just shouts
Alan you've got your hand up which just
for the sheer fact you're asking
politely you can
go but Piers I'd like
to I'll come back to you Jonathan I will
shouting is that point I'll come back to
you Alan Pier pierce it is so good that
you are putting on these two people and
the Report tour to make the case against
Israel it's so important that the public
see what kind of people and the kind of
Lies it starts out with somebody who
says this is the worst documented
genocide in history which includes
obviously the na the most doed genocide
while it was happening yeah I didn't say
it was the worst
do million people killed in hoca say
while it was happen I said while it was
happening so you're try this is a Loy
thing to try and obscure the facts let's
talk about facts you
L just just are you not going to let me
finish don't misrepresent
me okay wait wait please Alan you you
can finish but just to be clear I sat
I'm sitting next to Matt here in London
and to be clear he did say while it was
going on and he specifically cited the
use of mobile phones that people are
watching all thisen in real time so it
wasn't how you categorized what let's
let's let's assume you're right I don't
think you are let's assume you're right
while it was happening the Nazis
documented every single killing of
virtually 4 million Jews we didn't say
real doed exactly that's the important
Point anyway we're kind of sping right I
mean we're talking two different
things we're talking about a war that
was conducted while there are mobile
phones and one where there wasn't Alan
let me just ask you this Alan there's no
question hang on stop shouting everybody
ktie wait I can't get my points across
hang on everyone to stop talking if
everyone talks one at a time we have a
debate uh Alan I want to ask you this
the reelection of Donald Trump other
than an astonishing comeback politically
for him is going to have I think very
significant ramifications for this War
uh my guess is that being the dealmaker
he is he's going to try and do a deal to
bring this war to an end do you agree
with that and do you think that the big
picture here moving forward is that
countries like Saudi Arabia who have
very good relationships with Trump the
Crown Prince in particular with Trump
personally that Saudi Arabia will still
want to continue the uh Road they were
on to forge normalization with Israel at
the end of all this so how significant
is all is Trump's re-election going to
be do you think
here I think it's very significant
number one number two I think I'm right
that one word that hasn't been mentioned
on this whole show is the cause of all
of these problems namely Iran Iran
hasn't been mentioned the IC hasn't
issued warrants against the leaders of
Iran for engaging in obvious genocide
murder of their own people rapes you
name it they haven't done that and that
shows the double standard I think that
Trump will be tough on Iran and if Iran
is disarmed and unable to send its
proxies Hezbollah and Hamas we can see
real peace in the region with Saudi
Arabia as well now Israel today
announced that it has accepted generally
the terms of a ceasefire with Hezbollah
also Jake Sullivan the head of our uh
National Security announced the other
day that the only barrier to a ceasefire
in Gaza has been Hamas not Israel Israel
has accepted these ceasefires so I'm
hoping that we can see peace I'm hoping
for a two-state solution I bet you that
many of the people who support support
the Palestinian cause aren't in favor of
a two-state solution because they don't
favor the state of Israel the nation
state of the Jewish people continuing to
exist the terms of Peace have to include
the recognition of Israel as the nation
state of the Jewish people what has to
include a complete end of belligerency
against Israel all disputes have to be
submitted to resolution and negotiation
and armed conflict the use of terrorism
which has been the main in strument of
Iran through Hezbollah and Gaza has to
stop without that this will continue
there will be more and more people
killed and I have to make one other
point it is the most sexist thing to
include women and say because women have
been killed therefore they're civilians
we know that Hamas uses women we know it
uses 19 year olds 18 year olds 17 16 15
so when you list the children and the
women and assume that they are all
non-combatants you're making sexist and
agist and improper arguments well you're
also making an assumption hang on hang
on you're also making an assumption
there which I don't think you have hear
you well can you hear me not hearing
okay we'll fix that let me let me come
to Matt let me come to Matt um Matt
what's going to happen here Trump
winning obviously is being perceived as
good for Netanyahu and Israel not good
for the Palestinians I'm also sure I
mean Trump is a pragmatist at heart he
doesn't like War he thinks he Bad
Business never mind anything else he'll
want to try and bring this to an end uh
but he'll also want peace in the region
ultimately here what do you think's
going to happen no I think Trump is a
disaster for the Palestinian cause and
he's his new cabinet is just Israel
first cabinet and you saw during his
previous presidency in
2018 the Palestinians in Gaza did the
great March of return where they uh
peacefully went to the gates of their
prison that they been put in by Israel
to demonstrate and they were massacred
by Israeli snipers that all happened
under Trump and it happened while he
moved the embassy of the US to Jerusalem
illegally he's is one of the only
countries in the world that did that so
he's he's he he has complete Israel's
interest at heart and it's a it's that
is goes to the heart of this issue there
was no one that the US population could
vote for in a recent election that was
anti- genocide you had Biden and Kamala
Harris who had overseen a year of
genocide sent more weapons regurgitated
all the Israeli propaganda and you had
Trump who was even worse on the other
side and that goes to the heart of the
issue we don't have a proper democracy
in the United States we don't have one
here in in the UK because the same thing
happened with K starma he's participated
in the genocide in the same way as Rishi
sunak did so we need to understand that
our democracy does not allow us to vote
against genocide and that is a major
crisis for all of us and we need to
understand as well that the turn the IC
arrest warrants are a turning point in
world history okay can I just say why
because
there's a reason that the Joe Biden is
so against the arrest warrants there's a
reason why Kama took ages to come and
say that he'd comply because they are
also participants in his genocide and
they should be sweating not just them
their ministers joh let me finish I let
you I let you talk all the rubbish you
talk I let you
talk let me have a new system whoever
put hand up peacefully get to resp can I
finish my point I'm talking about
ministers like foreign secretary David
Lamy defense minister John Healey prime
minister K stama Joe Biden Anthony
blinkin all of them all of them should
be investiga you your because the
participation has been
military understand you made your point
Jonathan Jonathan you respond to
that Jonathan respond who else go ahead
Al hold on for a second hang on Jonathan
will respond now please quiet everybody
else the only he put his hand up like a
good reflect on
this yes we we are unfortunately uh
that's what remains here and and I
really tried to be civil throughout this
debate here and not to interrupt others
but what I would want to reflect on is
this the fact that someone in an in a
studio somewhere around the world keeps
on repeating the word genocide does not
make it true there is no genocide of
Palestinians happening it is not
supported by any facts or any data
Israel has no genocidal intent Israel
has not been executing any genocidal
plans and the only genocidal intent that
exists in this area is that of Hamas who
has it written explicitly in their
Charter where they want to kill all the
Jews in what they call Palestine and
eradicate the state of Israel and that
is what they tried to do on October 7
and sadly they were able based on our
failure to kill 1,200 Israelis and they
would have done more and more as they
say themselves they will do October 7
again and again if they're able to do so
so to say that there is a genocide of
Palestinians going on and to repeat that
falsehood that lie in order to shape
that narrative is nothing but propaganda
and nonsense food is coming in thousands
of trucks of food have
1,100 tons of food has been brought into
Gaza the gates are open there's more
Crossings of humanitarian Aid coming in
and there's a tremendous flood of
international Aid coming into Gaza and
to claim that there is starvation and
famine and genocide and all of these
very loaded terms is just nothing more
than propaganda and it couldn't be F and
repeating it doesn't make it true but at
the risk of also repeating something
which is true uh the best way to prove
what you're saying to the world is to
let the journalists in which at the
moment the idef doesn't want to do which
I'm afraid for me extremely we agree
with that yeah I know but it's a very
significant thing to
with theou at the moment at the moment
we only have the IDS word for this stuff
and that's the problem with this whole
that's not accurate hang that isn't
accurate then you know it I'm not I'm
I'm not saying I'm not saying what
you're saying is wrong I'm just saying I
would like to see it independently
verified by independent journalists from
outside anyway stop killing Palestinian
journalists as well let me let me bring
in ktie let me bring in ktie now
Jonathan let me bring in ktie I'm not
making up what I don't say don't listen
to me as an authority on genocide listen
to the genocide experts who have said
that this is a genocide people like irer
the human rights lawyer who's also lawy
is he says what many top lawyers have
also said it isn't genocide well most
genocide Scholars have said it was I
think most is in accurate accurate thing
most I've seen I've seen it very split
I've seen it very split we'll do we'll
do we'll get the numbers in there later
but we can talk by the second but I
think it's also Rich to hear Alan dtz
try to lecture anyone about sexism when
you're Epstein's lawyer and friend so
that's one thing hey being's lawyer
doesn't mean he's a sexist I'm proud to
be Bill Clinton's lawyer I'm proud to be
everybody's lawyer don't attack me for
being a lawyer lawyers do represent
doesn't mean
they pure mcarthism pure McCarthyism
pure mcarthism I
it's like tette syndrome but I also
wanted to say that the fact that
Jonathan keeps saying it's not uh
genocide of course you're literally
you've been a spokesperson for the IDF
and Allan brought up rape and I want to
bring something up because I know Pierce
you brought up rape a lot on this show
and something that has never been
brought up on mainstream television is
the fact that Israel has committed rape
Israeli Soldiers the IDF the IDF that
you are part of Jonathan and that you
are a spokesperson for has raped people
and not only they raped people it's been
documented by the Israeli media there's
video of it from state toan that was
leaked from State toan you see a man who
was basically gang raped and what
happened he was then hospitalized an
Israeli doctor had said as much he was
hospitalized for she have talked about
this a lot on the show just to be clear
we talked about I talked about it and I
want but I want bring talken about you
must have missed that just as you missed
most of the facts related to the conf oh
that's a good one that's a good one
that's a good one yeah okay so then you
have people
read when they invite you to leave the
Comforts of wherever you are
broadcasting and pontificating from and
actually come here and speak with
this there a bunch of rapes then police
try to arrest the rape then your fellow
countrymen have protests in defense of
the right to rape then a member of the
knesset says it's quote legitimate to
insert sticks into people's rectums so
tell me about how your army is the most
moral army in the world and your knesset
is so moral when he literally just to be
clear just to be clear Katie you you
didn't you didn't see this debate before
we have debated this very Point multiple
times on the show including wi Jonathan
debated it yes he did yeah so I don't
want to go over that again yes let me
let me just round things up now very
quickly that is the let me round things
up here to
say we've debated this I'm not going to
do it again let me bring in Matt Matt I
please finish we've done this before
boring to regular viewers to keep doing
the same thing let me let me ask uh Matt
this quickly which is take me forward
two three years what is going to happen
here I mean you've got millions of
people being displaced many tens of
thousands being killed you know I've
always had two big questions for Israel
which is what is the end game here and
why would you expect that killing so
many people in Gaza in the way that
you've done it and I'm not I'm not
disputing that Israel had a right to go
after Hamas I'm just talking about the
proportionate scale of what they've done
is it why would that kill and not fuel
the ideology that led to what Hamas did
in the first place um so just on those
Nazi Germany it didn't in Japan there
was peace with Germany and Japan after
millions of people were killed all Hamas
has to do is drop its arms free the
hostages he was asking you the question
Saudi Arabia he wasn't asking the
question okay Matt thank you I'm not
your I'm not your well I think it's
important to say we're dealing with
we're dealing with a rogue terrorist
regime which operates completely outside
of international law so Hamas talking
about H Israel what about Hamas no I'm
not talking about Hamas I mean talk just
ask me a question let me answer no
you're talking about a rogue terrorist
regime exactly it's called Israel it's
what what about Hamas I'm not asking you
didn't ask me about said what you just
said I'll let you I'll let you continue
mat but just to be clear do you also
view Hamas as a rogue terrorist regime
uh it's not in it's not it doesn't have
a government anymore so well they they
are still the government they've
been they're still officially the
government of Gaza are they a rogue
terrorist regime Well define define what
terrorist means Define what terrorist
you just tell me what you think what
they did was terrorism October 7th
answer the question October 7th there
were atrocities committed definitely was
it a terrorist attack um well it's it's
a difficult one to answer not really
under International no no it is was a UN
General Assembly resolution in 1982 that
gives the right of occupied people to
armed to the right to Armed resistance
I'm not saying that gives you the right
to contravene the Geneva conventions but
actually it is more complicated than
just using these terms which which uh
you just use that exact term because
it's much more clear cut with Israel
they they are the colonial power and
they are PR I got to say it's pretty
clear cut to me
that
antical right to fight combatants if
people not civilian but but comb death
do do do you know that PE that is it is
legal under International to to for
armed resistance to to colonial power
what we saw in oober was
terroris anyone who ever
disputes just accepted that atrocities
were committed whe you call terrorism or
whatever I don't mind look how many
civilian Israel has the terrorism used
the propaganda term if you if you that's
what I'm saying it covers up a much more
Nuance debate that we could have about
the Rights and Wrongs of of uh of
violence in in each situation but
there's no doubt about this Israel is a
rogue terrorist regime that is backed by
the the most powerful countries in the
world principally the United States and
what it's done in Gaza and is now doing
in Lebanon is creating a new world it's
creating a lore of the Jungle and this
is why I worry to go to your point about
what do we see in the future we are
creating the conditions for an absolute
obliteration of the global order which
was created after the second world war
and what will what has happened in Gaza
what Israel is doing in Syria Lebanon
Iran it won't stay in the Middle East
the idea that this about what about hang
on hang on let me deal with this please
let me answer what about the other side
of that coin which is that actually the
Iran has been using its power to supply
weapons and money to the hotis to Hamas
to Hezbollah all of whom are wedded with
an ideology of the destruction and
elimination of all things Israel I mean
it works both ways doesn't it okay well
list how many how many people have those
organizations killed as opposed to to
Israel so it only matters about numbers
you well it's quite important when
you're talking about genocide is
happening and they had one of the most
sophisticated militaries in human a of
f16s and they're wiping out apartment
blocks in Lebanon Gaza they've killed
200,000 you made your point let me go to
Alan Alan to respond to that please okay
well first of all Israel has killed far
far fewer people than Syria and Iran and
the International Community has really
focused on the leaders of Iran and Syria
Syria has killed hundreds and hundreds
of thousands of its own civilians and
its own citizens in addition to Israelis
Iran has killed gays and transgenders
and women without any concern no warrant
has ever issued against the evil leaders
of the and these are countries Iran and
Iran is the central figure it's the
octopus that has its arms extended if
Iran were to be have regime change and
would be turned into a democratic
country that didn't have Hezbollah and
Hamas and the hoodies there would be
peace in the Middle East work out well
in Iraq didn't it that's this is the
same rhetoric we heard about Iraq and
look what happened in Iraq destroy the
over by Iran Iraq has been taken over by
Iran I'm talking about peace now I'm
talking about we need regime change in
Israel not laying down their
arms Israel's a democracy no it's not
democrac regime demra when the people
about is is not is a tyranny you're
comparing Israel and Iran now you've
compared Israel with Nazi Germany now
you comparing it to Iran again Pi I
compare to na Germany again you're
inventing things it's very
serious you for having these people on
your
show has very kindly thanked me for
having everybody on the show I would
also like to thank you all for being on
the show we out of time uh it was what I
thought it would be a passionate and
Lively debate thank you all very much
thanks